MD/Documentation/1.x/jumbottag.md, before:

<h3 class="display-4 mb-5">JumboTTag</h3>


**Category :** `class`

```php
namespace Src\TTags;
```


**Overview**

It creates Bootstrap's Jumbotron.

**Usage Syntax**

```php
<?php 

// Namespace
use Src\TTags\{JumboTTag};

// Useage
new JumboTTag($jumboInnerContent , $parameters = null);

```
<p class = "ttag-code-caption text-muted"><b>JumboTTag.php</b></p>

Example,

```php

// Set the bootstrap's jumbotron
$jumbo = new JumboTTag( [
				'head' => 'Page Heading',
				'lead' => 'Description of the page inside Jumbotron.',
				 // Buttons 
				'buttons' => [
					'Caption1' => ['#','btn btn-primary btn-lg m-4'],
					'Caption2' => ['#','btn btn-success btn-lg'],
				]
			],
			[//$parameters
				'bg-image' => 'tea-background.jpg',
				'lead-class' => 'col-7',
				'head-class' => 'text-dark',
				'head-size' => 'display-1',

			] );

```
<p class = "ttag-code-caption text-muted"><b>JumboTTag.php</b> example</p>

**Parameters**

**`$jumboInnerContent` : Array**

Main heading and lead of the jumbotron. You may omet these. If no values are provided the default values of `$ttag_Head` and `$ttag_Lead` are assigned. These default values are defined in global settings file called constants.php in the TTagAppSettings dirctory.

1. **`'head'`** => `'xyz'` Same as that of Bootstrap. It is the main heading of the page.

2. **`'lead'`**  => `'abc'` Same as that of Bootstrap. It is the description of the page.

3.
	Buttons

<div class="ml-5">

```php
	'buttons' => [
				'Download' => ['#','btn btn-primary'],
				'xyz' => ['#','btn btn-secondary'],
				'abc' => ['#','btn btn-secondary'],
				],

```

</div>

---

**`$parameters` : Array**

It can take `null` as a value, if passed, it picks up the default values.

Values which may be passed.

1. **`'make-fluid'`** => `true` <span class="badge badge-dark">Default</span>  or `false`, same as that in Bootstrap.

2. **`'head-align'`** => `'left'` <span class="badge badge-dark">Default</span> or `'center'` or `'right'` or `'justify'`,

3. **`'lead-align'`** => `'left'` <span class="badge badge-dark">Default</span> or `'center'` or `'right'` or `'justify'`,

4. **`'align'`** => Align all inner html. 
	`'left'` <span class="badge badge-dark">Default</span> or `'center'` or `'right'` or `'justify'`, 

5. **`'bg-image'`** => Url for the background image.

6. **`'head-class'`** => Custom class defined in themes or Bootstrap class.
	
7. **`'lead-class'`** => Custom class defined in themes or Bootstrap class.

8. **`'head-size'`** => `'display-1'` or `'display-2'` ...
									
	or `'h1'` or `'h2'`...

---


**Methods**

For methods please refer to **Methods** section in documentation.

Commit message:

Updated FooterTTag to support on page footer visibilty toggling and added jumboClasses parameter to support addition of extra classes to JumboTTag, mentioned these in docs of footerttag and jumbottag. Created Views/Errors/404.php error page. Created .htaccess file at root level and entered ErrorDocument 404 /Tag/Views/Errors/404.php.

MD/Documentation/1.x/jumbottag.md, after:

<h3 class="display-4 mb-5">JumboTTag</h3>


**Category :** `class`

```php
namespace Src\TTags;
```


**Overview**

It creates Bootstrap's Jumbotron.

**Usage Syntax**

```php
<?php 

// Namespace
use Src\TTags\{JumboTTag};

// Useage
new JumboTTag($jumboInnerContent , $parameters = null);

```
<p class = "ttag-code-caption text-muted"><b>JumboTTag.php</b></p>

Example,

```php

// Set the bootstrap's jumbotron
$jumbo = new JumboTTag( [
				'head' => 'Page Heading',
				'lead' => 'Description of the page inside Jumbotron.',
				 // Buttons 
				'buttons' => [
					'Caption1' => ['#','btn btn-primary btn-lg m-4'],
					'Caption2' => ['#','btn btn-success btn-lg'],
				]
			],
			[//$parameters
				'bg-image' => 'tea-background.jpg',
				'lead-class' => 'col-7',
				'head-class' => 'text-dark',
				'head-size' => 'display-1',

			] );

```
<p class = "ttag-code-caption text-muted"><b>JumboTTag.php</b> example</p>

**Parameters**

**`$jumboInnerContent` : Array**

Main heading and lead of the jumbotron. You may omet these. If no values are provided the default values of `$ttag_Head` and `$ttag_Lead` are assigned. These default values are defined in global settings file called constants.php in the TTagAppSettings dirctory.

1. **`'head'`** => `'xyz'` Same as that of Bootstrap. It is the main heading of the page.

2. **`'lead'`**  => `'abc'` Same as that of Bootstrap. It is the description of the page.

3.
	Buttons

<div class="ml-5">

```php
	'buttons' => [
				'Download' => ['#','btn btn-primary'],
				'xyz' => ['#','btn btn-secondary'],
				'abc' => ['#','btn btn-secondary'],
				],

```

</div>

---

**`$parameters` : Array**

It can take `null` as a value, if passed, it picks up the default values.

Values which may be passed.

1. **`'jumboClasses'`** => Extra classes to be passed apart from `jombotron` class that is passed internally by default.

1. **`'make-fluid'`** => `true` <span class="badge badge-dark">Default</span>  or `false`, same as that in Bootstrap.

2. **`'head-align'`** => `'left'` <span class="badge badge-dark">Default</span> or `'center'` or `'right'` or `'justify'`,

3. **`'lead-align'`** => `'left'` <span class="badge badge-dark">Default</span> or `'center'` or `'right'` or `'justify'`,

4. **`'align'`** => Align all inner html. 
	`'left'` <span class="badge badge-dark">Default</span> or `'center'` or `'right'` or `'justify'`, 

5. **`'bg-image'`** => Url for the background image.

6. **`'head-class'`** => Custom class defined in themes or Bootstrap class.
	
7. **`'lead-class'`** => Custom class defined in themes or Bootstrap class.

8. **`'head-size'`** => `'display-1'` or `'display-2'` ...
									
	or `'h1'` or `'h2'`...

---


**Methods**

For methods please refer to **Methods** section in documentation.
